Your thoughts about A&M now? Yeah, I still think
about the good old days. Yeah.
All right. Let's see, didn't we have some pictures
that we were going to, as a physical plant on the
campus? Did anyone else come that you know of with
him from A&M? Mr. Craitman, Dr. Craitman. Mr.
Cradley was here. Mr. Cradley was his secretary
through the years, long years. Finishing the new
present home there, so we moved right into a brand
new house, and it's very much, very much on a much
smaller scale like the wonderful house at Marlin.
house 50 some years and
that
house has been completely redone then. But it had
been redone just the year 1925 when we moved up
here. So it was really a nice house and it was built
by the first person we moved. way back, of course.
And now they've made it a big place, so they built a
big room on the back of it that seats 60 people, so
you have university affairs. But part of it is very
much just those three. three houses, and I just had
the two. So now you have that one. Yes, I see right
where it is. Not very many people can say they've
had three growing up childhood houses, and
they've all been with Presley. You're right. And
since I've been married, I've lived in three
houses. They're my own houses now. So that's...
Now, when you got to the University of Texas, what
did your major, what was your academic major?
History. Good. Good.
Well, you took anthropology, didn't you? I
understood that your father wanted
anthropology. What caused him to be interested in
that subject? I had no idea. I had no idea until I got
to the university, and that's what I was enrolled
in. My father was one that he just took over what I
thought I should have, and that's what I took. And
did he look at your grades carefully each
semester? I don't know that he saw my grades, but
they were, they got me through school, so I guess I
don't know. And you said you don't remember how
much a semester cost, the tuition or anything? No,
I had nothing to do with paying for it, so I didn't.
Yes, when Reveille came to visit you. Well, I had a
little business to do with a broker, a young man,
and he wanted me to come to his office, and I went to
his office. And I was sitting across the desk from
him, and he was talking to me. That's when he told
me, Mike, do you understand me? And I looked down at
a table right next to my chair. It was an ashtray.
And I took a double look. It was at Texas A&M. And so I
immediately said, I said, you have a Texas A&M
ashtray. Did you go to Texas A&M? Well, we from then
on, we were just good friends, you know. And we just
talked more about it. And so that summer, the
freshman that was taking care of Reveille was here
in Oklahoma City. And I think they were having some
kind of a layman meeting or something here. And so
they had him here with Reveille. And so Ted asked
him if he would come over. He brought him over here
and took his picture with the beautiful collie.
And then I got a framed copy of it. And that's what
she's going to see. That was a real thrill for me.
Very good. As
I've
heard it, somebody from A&M stole the owl. The owl,
yeah. And a group of Rice students came up to get it.
Do you remember any more? No. I'd forgotten all
about the incident, but I do remember now. I had a
picture of the owl. I saw the picture.